Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. ~ Oscar Wilde
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth. ~ William W. Purkey
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
Without music, life would be a mistake. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
We accept the love we think we deserve. ~ Stephen Chbosky
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. ~ Marilyn Monroe
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. ~ Albert Einstein
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. ~ Oscar Wilde
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten. ~ Neil Gaiman
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. ~ Bill Keane
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~ Thomas A. Edison
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference. ~ Elie Wiesel
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. ~ Albert Einstein
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go... ~ Dr. Seuss
It is never too late to be what you might have been. ~ George Eliot
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. ~ Maya Angelou
Everything you can imagine is real. ~ Pablo Picasso
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me. ~ C.S. Lewis
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~ George Bernard Shaw
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. ~ J.K. Rowling
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. ~ Theodore Roosevelt
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be. ~ Shel Silverstein
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. ~ Winston S. Churchill
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. ~ Helen Keller
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be. ~ Stephen Chbosky
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. ~ Paulo Coelho
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one. ~ John Lennon
